Hello dear subscribers with you
worm jim that is us dmitry
Andreevich couple got out and we play the ball
spin 2
this is one of the coolest levels of a worm
what should we do here in all to see
it is necessary to catch puppies and give
our friend
psycho raven will throw them
many 1 in the first not not much in
first round and then it will be harder
and harder to do this is impossible
because if
puppies will die daddy will
swear very much I do not want him
did you turn if you looked first you
play do you remember who daddies
is turning
and
but what it does to get the bomb
here by a thief we need him to be several
homeless hacked and then we'll go let's
let me help him if you need him wrong
button pressed
its profit i scared buttons i
instead of so already the brand pressed another and
nightmare master homeless homeless main bomb
disobey puppies don't care album
lose it all so lunch
understandably
shotgun and
this seems to me the inscription
will lead to no may get lucky
notice, by the way, I notice
background that he is such a pseudo 3d shny and
how far the depths are created
pictures that there all track
in fact, the water settlement is made by touch
yes great walden village and that's all
there was such a small level but he is the most
my favorite in this game thanks a lot
for watching the next level we
we will go to the next parts for now